Bug Fix edits (#604)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue where you could not add a new user with an email address that contained uppercase characters to a Workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you could not add a new user to a Workspace if the user had an email address that contained uppercase characters
```
